# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 30ms
    create-variant-model 13ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 35ms
    [gap of 33ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 116ms
  [gap of 19ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 141ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 11ms
    create-variant-model 14ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 19ms
    [gap of 17ms]
    create-X86_64-model 13ms
    [gap of 12ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 11ms
    [gap of 13ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 112ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 116ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 41ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 45ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 35ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 37ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 36ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 39ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 55ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 59ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 13ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 11ms
    [gap of 48ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 72ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 76ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 30ms
    create-variant-model 16ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 45ms
    [gap of 35ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 132ms
  [gap of 33ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 172ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 34ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 37ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 45ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 47ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 39ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 40ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 24ms
    create-variant-model 11ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 25ms
    [gap of 41ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 104ms
  [gap of 22ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 132ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 20ms]
    create-X86-model 13ms
    [gap of 19ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 11ms
    [gap of 19ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 82ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 85ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 38ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 41ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 35ms
    create-variant-model 17ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 43ms
    [gap of 55ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 157ms
  [gap of 20ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 184ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 34ms
    create-variant-model 18ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 47ms
    [gap of 39ms]
    create-X86-model 10ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 159ms
  [gap of 25ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 193ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 24ms
    [gap of 12ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 27ms
    [gap of 35ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 98ms
  [gap of 21ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 126ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 21ms
    [gap of 12ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 27ms
    [gap of 23ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 83ms
  [gap of 15ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 103ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 32ms
    create-variant-model 18ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 39ms
    [gap of 39ms]
    create-X86_64-model 12ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 148ms
  [gap of 30ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 185ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 38ms
    create-variant-model 32ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 220ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 19ms
    create-X86-model 17ms
    create-X86_64-model 10ms
    create-module-model 99ms
    create-variant-model 10ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 13ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 10ms
    create-X86-model 11ms
    create-X86_64-model 13ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 506ms
  [gap of 43ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 561ms

